This journal is going to be a lot more scatterbrained

A huge amount of this project was paper prototyping with the team

On the first friday I dealth with making user stories

On the first monday I made a test file full of timestamps that we could use for the project. I also helped the group figure out what the time variables and structs are in C++

On the wednesday before the test, Dan and I sat down for like 45 minutes just redoing our paper prototype and pseudocode. The results if that are in TarinPseudocode.txt, and that's a collaborative effort between he and I. As of this writing (12:30 PM) we are happy with our model of hte project

Friday
With the majority of the program done, my team has set me up on preparing for the future. I've been researching how to do Shell_NotifyIcon popups with the one guy in our team with the glasses (pretty sure his name is Evan)

Valentine's day
Since we might not need Shell_NotifyIcon I'm also looking at signals, see what the most effective way to sent a notification from an alarm loop in one thread to another thread
Signals and signal.h are the obvious way, but that only works in linux and we need the program IDs of each thread and program (forking would be involved... not looking forward to prototyping that)
The other option is to add our code as a seperate thread to another program... that's the simplest but is up to the whims of other users...
Hmm, what if we set up our alarm stuff as a library that can be included in other programs?
I hate to admit it, but I'm sort of waiting around for more clarification from the professor


Wednesday the 21st
 
 I have spent about an hour messing around with Travis CI. My team wants tk keep this option open. I have managed to link my personal account on github with Travis and linked a personal trst repository, but I have no idea how to Push using just the web browser commands. Need to check with team leader, figure out who is the project repository owner
 
 Friday the 23rd
 
 Change of plans, we are abandoning Travis. Group roles have been rearranged, i will be helping write some test files after class
 
 Monday the 26th
 
 No news was good news over the weekend. The team says they're doing stuff awesomely. So they gave me a task to write a viewNextAlarm() function. So we all went up to the computer lab; as of noon the function is done and compiles perfectly
